1. What is HTML and what is its fullform?
1. A standard markup language is used to design documents displayed
   in web as browser webpage.
   Hypertext Markup Language:
   Hypertext means (link that connect web pages to one another
   (either in same website or b/w websites))
   it is machine-understandable.
   Markup Language refers to structure and organize.

2. What is client-server model?
2. It is a Communication model b/w  
   multiple client programs and common server.
   When many clients take service from a server.
   Client requests from a server and server returns the answer.
 
3. Peer-peer server ?
3. It is communication model with 
   no central server and instead all the computers in the network 
   have equal capabilities.

4. What is href?
4. href is hypertext refrence, it is used to tell relationship b/w
   pages to browser. 

5. Difference b/w span and div?
5. Span and div are both generic HTML elements that group together related 
   parts of a web page. However, they serve different functions. A div element 
   is used for block-level organization and styling of page elements, whereas a 
   span element is used for inline organization and styling.

6. Radio buttons select one in a group?
6. The radio group must have share the same name (the value of the name attribute) to 
   be treated as a group. Once the radio group is created, selecting any radio button 
   in that group automatically deselects any other selected radio button in the same 
   group. You can have as many radio groups on a page as you want, as long as each 
   group has its own name.

7. What are fieldset and legend tag?
7. The <fieldset> tag is used to group related elements in a form. The <fieldset> tag 
   draws a box around the related elements.
   The <legend> tag is used to define a caption for the <fieldset> element.

8. What are Post and Get ?
8. -POST is used to send data to a server to create/update a resource.
   
   POST requests are never cached
   POST requests do not remain in the browser history
   POST requests cannot be bookmarked
   POST requests have no restrictions on data length.
       
  -GET is used to request data from a specified resource.

   GET requests can be cached
   GET requests remain in the browser history
   GET requests can be bookmarked
   GET requests should never be used when dealing with sensitive data
   GET requests have length restrictions
   GET requests are only used to request data (not modify).

9. What are semantic and non-semantic elemants?
9. A semantic element clearly describes its meaning to both the browser 
   and the developer.
   Examples of non-semantic elements: <div> and <span> - Tells nothing about 
   its content.
   Examples of semantic elements: <form>, <table>, and <article> - Clearly
   defines its content.

10. Inline-elements vs Block-elements Difference?
10. Inline means same line     | Block mean next line and  
    and we cant give height or | we can give height and width.
    width.                     |

11. Difference b/w sticky and fixed position?
11.         Fixed                                 |        Sticky

   Element with position: fixed property is fixed |Element with position: sticky property
   to the viewport and doesn’t move irrespective  |can scroll to an offset value provided
   of scrolling.                                  |by the user.
   Element with position: fixed property does     |It does affect the natural flow of
   not effect the other element’s flow  on the    |the page and takes  additional
   page ie it does not capture additional space.  |space.
   Never leaves the viewport.                     |Leaves the viewport properly.

12. Justify-content:main axis(more than 1 column needed).
    Justify-Items:
    Align-Items:(more than 1 row needed)
    Align-content:cross axis().