1. What is transform in CSS?
1. This property applies a 2D or 3D transformation to an element. 
   This property allows you to rotate, scale, move, skew, translate, etc., elements.

2. What is animation in CSS? 
2. An animation lets an element gradually change from one style to another.

3. What are keyframes?
3. When you specify CSS styles inside the keyframes, the animation will
   gradually change from the current style to the new style at certain times.
  
   Give animation-name to the element on whom you can to apply CSS.
   
4. What is animation-duration property and does animation work when it is 0s (by default)?   
4. The animation-duration property defines how long an animation should take to complete.
   If the animation-duration property is not specified, no animation will occur,
   because the default value is 0s (0 seconds).    

5. What id animation-delay ?
5. The animation-delay property specifies a delay for the start of an animation.
   It can be set (-)ive n seconds (which means animation will start at n secs).

6. What is animation-iteration-count?
6. The animation-iteration-count property specifies the number of times 
   an animation should run. We can put it infinite.

7. What is animation-direction and its types?
7. The animation-direction property specifies whether an animation should be played 
   forwards, backwards or in alternate cycles.

   The animation-direction property can have the following values:
   normal - The animation is played as normal (forwards). (This is default).
   reverse - The animation is played in reverse direction (backwards).
   alternate - The animation is played forwards first, then backwards.
   alternate-reverse - The animation is played backwards first, then forwards.

8. What is animation-timing-function ?
8. It defines the speed curve of the animation.(ease-in,ease-out,ease-in-out,
   cubic-bezier(n,n,n,n)). pehle fast phir slow phir slow phir fast.

9. What is animation fill-mode ?
9. CSS animations do not affect an element before the first keyframe is played or 
   after the last keyframe is played. The animation-fill-mode property can override 
   this behavior.
   The animation-fill-mode property specifies a style for the target element when 
   the animation is not playing (before it starts, after it ends, or both).
   The animation-fill-mode property can have the following values:

   i)none - Default value. Animation will not apply any styles to the element 
   before or after it is executing
   
   ii)forwards - The element will retain the style values that is set by the 
   last keyframe (depends on animation-direction and animation-iteration-count)
   
   iii)backwards - The element will get the style values that is set by the first 
   keyframe (depends on animation-direction), and retain this during the 
   animation-delay period
   
   iv)both - The animation will follow the rules for both forwards and backwards, extending the animation properties in both directions

10. What is Animation Shorthand Property ?
10. animation: example 5s linear 2s infinite alternate;
      OR
    animation-name: example;
    animation-duration: 5s;
    animation-timing-function: linear;
    animation-delay: 2s;
    animation-iteration-count: infinite;
    animation-direction: alternate;